Add info how to list default metrics (#5987)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/asset-store/11-01-asset-store-controller.md

- default metrics instrumented by [kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/).
- default Prometheus metrics for [Go applications](https://prometheus.io/docs/guides/go-application/).

To see a complete list of the default kubebuilder and Go metrics, run the following command:

```bash
kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward svc/assetstore-asset-store-controller-manager 8080
```

> Now open a browser and access [http://localhost:8080/metrics](http://localhost:8080/metrics) to check the metrics.

Reviewer: not browser, please do dev instruction like `curl http://localhost:8080/metrics` from the terminal

so you can write:
```bash
kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward svc/assetstore-asset-store-controller-manager 8080
curl http://localhost:8080/metrics
```

you can copy/paste above and should work straight forward in the terminal

Author: I probably I do something wrong as the terminal does not read the curl command once I past it as you advised. 

If it works, then we could do the redirecting in the same way, I assume?
```
kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward svc/assetstore-asset-store-controller-manager 3000:8080
curl http://localhost:3000/metrics
```
?

Author: As we discussed the curl command should be run in another terminal window.

- default metrics instrumented by [kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/).
- default Prometheus metrics for [Go applications](https://prometheus.io/docs/guides/go-application/).

> To see a complete list of the default kubebuilder and Go metrics, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see a complete list of the default kubebuilder and Go metrics, run this command:
```

```bash
kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward svc/assetstore-asset-store-controller-manager 8080
```

To check the metrics, open a new terminal window and run:

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/metrics
```

> > **TIP:** Before you use the command, make sure you have a running Kyma cluster and kubectl installed. If you cannot access port 8080, redirect the metrics to another one. For example, run: `kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward svc/assetstore-asset-store-controller-manager 3000:8080` and update the port in the localhost address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **TIP:** To use these commands, you must have a running Kyma cluster and kubectl installed. If you cannot access port `8080`, redirect the metrics to another one. For example, run `kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward svc/assetstore-asset-store-controller-manager 3000:8080` and update the port in the localhost address.
```
